README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/uGszEV2.png" height="300">
    <h1>ShellShocked</h1>
    <h3>the most advanced hack for shell shockers.</h3>
    <h5>if you find a bug, <a href="https://github.com/VillainsRule/ShellShocked/issues">open an issue</a> and i'll do my best.</h5>
</div>

<h2 align="center">Features</h2>

- Aimbot
    - Right Mouse/Always toggle
- ESP
    - ESP: Eggs through Walls
    - ESP lines: hitbox lines
    - Hitboxes: classic ESP with hitboxes around players
- Advanced GUI
    - A clean GUI that's easy to use.
- Keybinds
    - Yup, keybinds to change settings while playing.

<h2 align="center">Why ShellShocked?</h2>

1. It actually gets updates (ahem crackware).
    - RIP crackware. Good mod in its time.
2. It's fully open source.
3. It has a very clean GUI.
4. It doesn't have stupid 5 minute ads (ahem zertalious).

<h2 align="center">Usage - Basic</h2>

1. Open the [complied script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VillainsRule/ShellShocked/master/dist/shellshocked.user.js).
    - This is already uploaded to Github so you don't need to compile it yourself!
2. Download/install a userscript manager (like Tampermonkey).
3. Open a new script.
4. Copy the compiled script from step 1 into the new script.
5. Use CTRL+S to save it.
6. Reload Shell Shockers and enjoy!

<h2 align="center">Usage - Advanced</h2>

This will walk you through compiling the script for yourself.<br>
This part is intended for developers, so the instructions are less obvious.<br>
<br>
1. Install NodeJS & Git.
2. Clone the repo & change the directory: `git clone https://github.com/VillainsRule/ShellShocked.git && cd ShellShocked`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Build the app: `npm run build`
5. When the build is complete, the script is copied to your clipboard.
    - If this doesn't work, it can be found in your local `dist/shellshocked.user.js`.
6. Paste it into a userscript manager and enjoy!

<br>
<br>
<h3 align="center">made with ❤️ by thonk</h3>
<h5 align="center">note to blue wizard digital: instead of playing cat and mouse with patching this specific script, just generally make the game more secure.<br>this script took me one afternoon.</h5>

Commit message:

rename hitboxes to esp boxes & add bug tracker

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/uGszEV2.png" height="300">
    <h1>ShellShocked</h1>
    <h3>the most advanced hack for shell shockers.</h3>
    <h5>if you find a bug, <a href="https://github.com/VillainsRule/ShellShocked/issues">open an issue</a> and i'll do my best.</h5>
</div>

<h2 align="center">Features</h2>

- Aimbot
    - Right Mouse/Always toggle
- ESP
    - ESP: Eggs through Walls
    - ESP boxes: boxes around eggs
    - ESP lines: lines from the player pointing to all eggs.
- Advanced GUI
    - A clean GUI that's easy to use.
- Keybinds
    - Yup, keybinds to change settings while playing.

<h2 align="center">Why ShellShocked?</h2>

1. It actually gets updates (ahem crackware).
    - RIP crackware. Good mod in its time.
2. It's fully open source.
3. It has a very clean GUI.
4. It doesn't have stupid 5 minute ads (ahem zertalious).

<h2 align="center">Known Bugs</h2>
- ESP lines are broken and do not root from the players position.

<h2 align="center">Usage - Basic</h2>

1. Open the [complied script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VillainsRule/ShellShocked/master/dist/shellshocked.user.js).
    - This is already uploaded to Github so you don't need to compile it yourself!
2. Download/install a userscript manager (like Tampermonkey).
3. Open a new script.
4. Copy the compiled script from step 1 into the new script.
5. Use CTRL+S to save it.
6. Reload Shell Shockers and enjoy!

<h2 align="center">Usage - Advanced</h2>

This will walk you through compiling the script for yourself.<br>
This part is intended for developers, so the instructions are less obvious.<br>
<br>
1. Install NodeJS & Git.
2. Clone the repo & change the directory: `git clone https://github.com/VillainsRule/ShellShocked.git && cd ShellShocked`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Build the app: `npm run build`
5. When the build is complete, the script is copied to your clipboard.
    - If this doesn't work, it can be found in your local `dist/shellshocked.user.js`.
6. Paste it into a userscript manager and enjoy!

<br>
<br>
<h3 align="center">made with ❤️ by thonk</h3>
<h5 align="center">note to blue wizard digital: instead of playing cat and mouse with patching this specific script, just generally make the game more secure.<br>this script took me one afternoon.</h5>
